feat(coverage)!: allow thresholds.perFile to accept an object (#10190)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/config/coverage.md

### coverage.thresholds.perFile

- **Type:** `boolean | { 100?: boolean, lines?: number, functions?: number, branches?: number, statements?: number }`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Available for providers:** `'v8' | 'istanbul'`
- **CLI:** `--coverage.thresholds.perFile`, `--coverage.thresholds.perFile=false`

When `true`, each file is checked against the top-level thresholds instead of the project-wide aggregate. When set to an object, both are checked: the aggregate against the top-level thresholds, and every file against these per-file minimums.

<!-- eslint-skip -->
```ts
{
  coverage: {
    thresholds: {
      lines: 80,
      functions: 80,
      branches: 80,
      statements: 80,
      perFile: {
        lines: 50,
        functions: 50,
        branches: 50,
        statements: 50,
      },
    }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: `perFile` cannot be set for a glob pattern? Could that be supported too?

### coverage.thresholds.perFile

- **Type:** `boolean | { 100?: boolean, lines?: number, functions?: number, branches?: number, statements?: number }`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Available for providers:** `'v8' | 'istanbul'`
- **CLI:** `--coverage.thresholds.perFile`, `--coverage.thresholds.perFile=false`

When `true`, each file is checked against the top-level thresholds instead of the project-wide aggregate. When set to an object, both are checked: the aggregate against the top-level thresholds, and every file against these per-file minimums.

<!-- eslint-skip -->
```ts
{
  coverage: {
    thresholds: {
      lines: 80,
      functions: 80,
      branches: 80,
      statements: 80,
      perFile: {
        lines: 50,
        functions: 50,
        branches: 50,
        statements: 50,
      },
    }
  }
}
```

`{ 100: true }` is also accepted inside the object as a shortcut for setting all four metrics to `100`:

<!-- eslint-skip -->
```ts
{
  coverage: {
    thresholds: {
      lines: 80,
      perFile: {
        100: true,
      },
    }
  }
}
```

> `perFile` can also be set on an individual glob-pattern threshold (documented below). Glob patterns do **not** inherit the top-level `perFile`; set it on each glob explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`perFile` can also be set on an individual [glob-pattern threshold](/config/coverage#coverage-thresholds-glob-pattern). Glob patterns do **not** inherit the top-level `perFile`; set it on each glob explicitly.
```
